---
title: "22nd May 2024"
tags: blog
description: "The inaugural blog post! Exciting."
permalink: "blog/{{ title | slugify }}/"
---

### Welcome to Sound Accumulator, your friendly neighborhood music wiki!

This project has been a labor of love, and I'm so excited to finally see something reasonably interesting emerge from it. I've spent hours researching platforms, designing the site, building automations, cataloging artists. While I know the bulk of the work is by no means behind me, it does feel good to have come this far.

Sound Accumulator is a community space. The [repo](https://github.com/t-schreibs/sound-accumulator) for the project is public, and I encourage anyone and everyone to submit pull requests with entries. I myself will continue to submit entries as well, accompanying each set of uploads with a brief blog post.

And now, our first batch of artists. 6 so far, with 16 releases between them:

#### NY Alt Rock

- [[artists/Miss-Grit|Miss Grit]] - With a powerful voice and an ear for guitary pop hooks, Margaret Sohn explores sci fi and gender (name a more _iconic_ duo) on their debut album.
- [[artists/Raavi|Raavi]] - Cool artist that generates catchy indie guitar music. I feel like they'd put on a good live show.

#### PDX Punks

- [[artists/NONBINARY-GIRLFRIEND|NONBINARY GIRLFRIEND]] - Anaïs Genevieve fronts a psychedelic bedroom punk group that puts on a pretty fun show. I saw them live once at the Lollipop Shoppe. Dramatic and sweet, loud and quiet.
- [[artists/Sadgasm|Sadgasm]] - Technically from Salem, Sadgasm mostly play in Portland, hence the inclusion here. My band played a set with them recently - they sounded great live. Punkish emo rock with tempos generally on the slower side.
- [[artists/combobox|combobox]] - This is my own band. I play guitar. We're a sort of alt-punk outfit with fast songs.
- [[artists/Helens|Helens]] - Not so much a punk band, Helens is nonetheless based out of Portland. They play dreamy shoegaze.